hello i am rijn and in this review
we look at a very powerful battery there
screw
rheumatic knock drill it is the u
neomax van bosch well this is the woods
unio up and this is the real powerhouse
powerhouse on lithium ion
boxes will run for a while because yes
on the outside is a nice suitcase
but the see it you so much
here we have two instructions for use
occupy one for charging it
device and of course one
operating instructions for the device
self
then there is also something in the box
drills there
well is always handy you see right away
that you are talking about one here
sds connection and that is natural
not very strange because this is the device
and that looks cool, but it is
tough because it is 18 volts
one and a half amps well that lithium ion who
you prefer that power that becomes
given by this lithium ion battery
that look very easy this way too
picks up and therefore the setup now and then
you see just already you can do this with
hold two hands and that is not
for nothing
because it is not only you can do the
so simply screw in the screws
screws screw machine because he is
very suitable for me is the door
extremely suitable also just for
farmers and last but not least
to beat and he does
actually our sometime pneumatically
So well that indicates that you are also with
a drill that runs on a battery
You can do pretty solid farmer work
because now matisse impact drills yes that is
of course the summit that wants
you actually all
well take a look at it again
the service that they all do not
complicated here you have of course
button with which the direction of rotation can be adjusted
adjust
with this you turn it on and off and with this
you give from right here I go
screws or I'll go on and on
put this button on this side
we will also beat and then in particular
pneumatic well then you see another one here
very handy connections here you can
they simply SDS connection SDS-Quick
connection then you just stop there
quickly
well that is also included
them when you need something
like a drill well you see here too
all the connections with the same it is
sds-quick connection to the
also great you can buy all there
are still some separate bits with one
screw in bits
so there you have in any case
for nature you can get started right away
what I actually want to leave
that is when you turn it on
that is just being enlightened and
the light that sits here and that shines
exactly neat here where you
are at work
so that is also very well thought out
through forest
in short, a real powerhouse even
pneumatic drilling and all that in one
battery